README.md, before:

# book-stats

The book-stats/bookstats utility is just a little python script which extrapolates some basic metrics given a markdown file of a book manuscript.

![demo_bookstats](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/81b4a6c1-f69b-40a6-8371-39dde6d386d8)


# Usage

This script assumes that the manuscript uses a the header syntax (`# Title`) to indicate a chapter break. That's how it breaks chapters up.

You can use the pre-build utility (i've built for linux and for windows), or you can download the project and use it yourself with python! The jupyter notebook included shows you how to use it.

The pre-built binaries shouldn't require anything to be installed on your system to work, they should work out of the box!

> Note: I don't have a windows system, so I haven't actually tested on windows. I assume it should work fine, but who knows?

# Additions/Bugs

If you have a feature request, feel free to add it as an issue on this repo! I won't promise to make it a high priority, but there's a good chance that if I can do what you're requesting then I will! 😃

If you find a bug, please post as detailed a description as possible in the issue submission and I'll take a look! If you're running on an OS I don't have, I'll probably have to go back and forth a bit to figure out what's up.

Commit message:

Add link to binary releases

README.md, after:

# book-stats

The book-stats/bookstats utility is just a little python script which extrapolates some basic metrics given a markdown file of a book manuscript.

![demo_bookstats](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/81b4a6c1-f69b-40a6-8371-39dde6d386d8)


# Usage

This script assumes that the manuscript uses a the header syntax (`# Title`) to indicate a chapter break. That's how it breaks chapters up.

You can use the pre-build utility (i've built for linux and for windows), or you can download the project and use it yourself with python! The jupyter notebook included shows you how to use it.

The pre-built binaries shouldn't require anything to be installed on your system to work, they should work out of the box!

You can find the pre-builts under [releases](https://github.com/ScriptPup/book-stats/releases).

> Note: I don't have a windows system, so I haven't actually tested on windows. I assume it should work fine, but who knows?

# Additions/Bugs

If you have a feature request, feel free to add it as an issue on this repo! I won't promise to make it a high priority, but there's a good chance that if I can do what you're requesting then I will! 😃

If you find a bug, please post as detailed a description as possible in the issue submission and I'll take a look! If you're running on an OS I don't have, I'll probably have to go back and forth a bit to figure out what's up.
